<h3>Pros and Cons of FIFO vs. Hash Table</h3>

<p>The main differences between using a FIFO queue and a hash table for the global semaphore list are in storage space and look up times. Whenever a process has to lookup a semaphore in a FIFO queue, it may have to traverse the whole list, making lookup O(n). Hash tables, on the other hand, have a O(1) look up time (or amortized O(1) if we store hash collisions in a linked list coming off the hash table). Assuming we are using a doubly linked list like in the project, adding to the linked list is O(1), which is similar to the hash table where adding is O(1) (or amortized O(1) if we store hash collisions in a linked list coming off the hash table). FIFO queues are nice for storage. With the hash table we will either have to size up the hash table when we reach the point that we have too many semaphores for our table (which will require us to perform an expensive operation in a critical region) or we will have to initalize our
hash table to have a size that is larger than any reasonable number of semaphores. This limits our number of semaphores, even if the limit is very high, and also takes up more space than is needed on the heap. With a linked list, we will always only need to use only as much space as is needed to store the current members of the linked list. In general, if getting operations in the critical section done quickly is more of a priority than
saving space on the heap, the hash table is a better choice than the FIFO queue. However, if saving space on
the heap is a larger priority than getting operations done quickly in the critical section, a FIFO queue is probably the better choice. </p>

